# AI-Platform-Engineering
AI Projects 
There are projects in this folder:
1. Iowa Housing Batch Project (House Price Prediction) is being done with my colleagues. There 82 features that have been analysed and processed. I specifically did EDA on 4 categorical features, one hot encoding, analysed them, applied feature engineering techniques and treated missing values accordingly, then myself and 4 more people built a Linear Regression Model that enabled us to use to predict House Price based on features that customer (client) would supply.
2. Yelp Reviews Sentiment Analysis. It was a group project where me myself and 3 more people worked on sentiment analysis on Yelp Reviews. We had almost 6 million customer reviews collected from 2004 -2018 years. We were trying to predict sentiment: positive, negative or neutral. I did data preprocessing, built a model that has been used as one of the models in Ensemble Model , that my co-worker implemented as a final model. On top of that I was responsible for structuring our presentation by doing some business implementation research and possible improvements of the model. One of the possible improvements would be scaling the model by deploying it into the CI/CD Pipeline like Kubeflow, where we can utiliize a broad range of resources available in the cloud and scale the model with little limits. 
3. app folder contains the project named Distracted Driver Detection. The model was built using State Farm dataset from Kaggle. I used 3 pairs of Convolutional and Pooling Layers(Max Pooling), I used adam optimizer and cross entropy loss for probability between 0 and 1.
I achieved 92 % of accuracy, it took me 9 hours to train the model on local machine without using gpc. I deployed the model using flask microservice. I dockerized the app as well and the image was pushed to docker hub under the name gavetisyan/georgeideas:1.0 
